I'm really fine.
I doubt it was someone in the dorm
that ratted on me.
After ratting on me,
you helped me escape.
What are you trying to pull?
Look, doctor.
You must go back
into the dorm for Gang-mu to live.
Why would I rat on you?
The North told Soo-ho
they'd kill his sister if he doesn't
blow up the hostages and himself
by midnight.
So you must get back in!
So you should've done as I said.
I warned you to stop keeping an eye on me.
And the ANSP raided my hideout
now of all times?
Wow.
This is what I get for saving you?
You didn't get caught, did you?
This is Charmant.
Ma'am. It's your husband.
God, he's such a coward.
I'm getting tired of this.
How many times has he been calling me?
What is it this time?
What's the relationship
between you and Cheong-ya?
Who the hell is Cheong-ya?
You know, Nam Tae-il's doctor.
The one that's being held hostage
in the dorm.
She had photos of you.
Don't be surprised.
It turns out, she's a Northern spy.
Dr. Kang is?
Oh, my goodness.
Are you serious? Is it really true?
Hello.
I'm serious.
You really have
nothing to do with her, right?
She even kept watch on you and me.
Oh, my God. She's kept watch on me?
Well, I…
Playing mahjong with her
a few times is all.
Don't worry a thing, honey.
Yes, that's all.
By the way, our Mr. Nam
must be in trouble now.
Yes.
Go easy on him, honey. Okay?
Go easy on him.
Bye.
What's going on? He's in trouble?
Did something happen to my husband?
Goodness.
It's about Dr. Kang.
Mr. Nam's doctor.
It turns out,
she's a Northern spy.